PLINK.exe
So far, all the port forwarding and
tunneling methods we’ve used
have centered around tools typically
found on UNIX-style system.
Next, let’s focus on pivoting through
Windows-based operating systems.
To demonstrate this, we’ll start by
obtaining a SYSTEM-level shell
using our syncbreeze exploit we created
in the Windows buffer overflow module.
During the enumeration process,
we discover a MySQL service running on
TCP port 3306.
We would like to scan this database or
interact with it.
However, because of the firewall,
we cannot directly interact with this
service from our Kali machine.
To overcome this problem, we will transfer
plink.exe,
a Windows-based command line SSH client
to our target with a non-interactive FTP
file transfer method.
We verify that the file was transferred
successfully by running it.
P-link’s syntax is similar to the
UNIX-based ssh client.
We’ll use plink.exe to connect via SSH,
to our Kali machine,
as the kali user,
specifying the password,
to create a remote port forward,
of port 1234 on our kali machine,
to the MySQL port on the Windows target.
This syntax is correct, but the first
time plink connects to a host,
it will attempt to cache the host key
in the registry.
If we run the command through an rdesktop
connection to the Windows client,
we can see this interactive step.
However, since this will most likely not
work with the interactivity level
we have in our current shell,
we should pipe the answer to the prompt
into the command with echo.
This command, then, will successfully
establish the remote port forward without
any interaction.
Now that our tunnel is active,
we’ll launch an Nmap scan of the target’s
MySQL port
via our localhost port forward on TCP
port 1234.
Good. The setup seems to be working.
We have successfully scanned the Windows
10 machine’s SQL service
through a remote port forward on our
Kali attack machine.